Come on. It's a bit nice
to be home, isn't it?
Kim, do you mind if we have
a quick chat before we go in?
Oh, Mum, you left a dead deer
on the porch!
Well, I left in a hurry,
didn't I?
Come on, Jay, give us a hand,
over here.
Nick.
f
Ugh!
Stop moaning.
Get on with it.
[Jay] Fucking stinks!
TWO WEEKS TO LIVE
So, this is the penguin, eh?
Hey, little guy,
nice to meet ya.
d
Nice to meet you too.
You seem nice...
and genuinely sorry
about something?
[in normal voice]
I am sorry, Penguin.
Very much so.
God, he's filthy.
When was the last time
you cleaned him?
Actually that's my dead
father's blood.
I never felt like washing it,
so, thanks for that.
[retches softly] Okay.
[stutters] I'm just gonna...
Um... [sputters]
[coughing, retching]
[vomiting]
[Tina] Right.
Let's get this fire lit
and the shutters down.
[Kim] Great idea.
It may not look like much,
guys, but we'll be safe here.
There's not a soul for miles.
No one'll find us.
-We are completely alone.
-[bell dinging]
[Jay] Whoa, whoa,
what's happening?
[gun cocking]
[Jay] Beth?
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
what you doing?
Put your guns down.
Hi.
Ah, welcome, Beth.
So nice to finally
meet you.
[Tina] Shit.
-[sighs]
-Are you all right?
Kim.
[Beth] What's that?
[Brooks] So, we should have
enough firepower.
But the problem is gonna be
getting down to the cabin
without them seeing us.
Well, my mum always said that
a problem is just a solution
that hasn't been found yet.
Well, your mum's an idiot,
isn't she?
Wow.
Well, if the solution
hasn't been found,
then it's a fucking problem,
isn't it?
-Sir?
-That's the point.
There is no problem.
It's just a solution that
hasn't been found yet.
Which is a problem.
In fact, it's the exact
fucking definition
of a problem.
-Jesus!
-Sir?
We're just gonna have to agree
to disagree then, aren't we?
-Are your feet all right,
Thompson?
-What?
'Cause you're getting awfully
big for your boots.
-You know that, don't you?
-[sighs]
Sorry, are we boring you?
This is the path
to the house, sir.
We need to follow
tactical protocol
from this point on.
Well, go on, then.
Where does Terri
find these goons?
I basically feel like we'd be
better off on our own.
Hmm.
-[cord twangs]
-Huh?
[man grunts]
-Here you go.
-Wh...
Why are we having sandwiches?
We need to leave, right now.
If you leave now you'll only
get yourself in more danger.
Kim's right.
Yeah, the traps will slow
them down, but they'll
be here pretty soon.
Our best bet is fighting them
on home turf.
Definitely. I agree with Kim.
Jesus.
Who are you people?
I'm really sorry that
you're in this situation.
But right now, I'm gonna
need you to go and hide
out the back
while I set some bear traps
and clean out the canon.
[Nicky] I'll come and help.
-Nicky, you stay here.
-Sure.
Mum, hold the fort
until I'm back.
[exhales]
[breathing heavily]
[Nicky] Kim.
Go back, Nicky.
-We need to talk.
-No, seriously, you need
to go back right now.
-I just wanted to apologize
for the whole diary thing.
-No, I'm fine.
-Please, you just have to
stop walking right...
-[landmine clicks]
...now.
[sighs]
Why didn't you tell me?
I tried to sort it.
I even went to the police
and look where that got me?
Well, you could have told me.
Okay, and what about you?
I know about the baby, Beth.
I mean, why didn't you
just tell me?
That's why I came here.
To tell you.
[Jay sighs]
I'm really sorry.
I was freaking out.
And then I thought
"Well, if I'm freaking out
he's definitely
gonna freak out."
[clicks tongue, sighs]
Okay. Can I ask you to promise
me something, Beth?
If you promise
to still love me
even if I don't fucking make
anything of myself, then--
-Babe, of course, I'll--
-No, no, no.
If you can promise me that,
then I'll promise to give
everything I've got to you
and that, our baby.
Every single fucking thing,
I swear to God.
So you're not
freaking out, then?
I'm freaking in, mate.
[both laughing]
[Tina] All right, you two.
[gun cocking]
Take this.
You're gonna need it.
[exhales]
-That killed the moment,
didn't it?
-Yeah.
Fucking hell.
[exhales]
[Kim] Okay, so, the thing is,
I made these landmines myself
and it looks like
it's malfunctioned
-but I do want to disarm it
just to be sure.
-Mmm-hmm.
Two things while I'm getting
the wire cutters:
One, don't lift your foot.
And two,
please don't tell my mum
it malfunctioned.
[sighs]
Mums are the worst, right?
[sighs] Look, I'm sorry
about the diary.
I really am.
Just...
don't let your mum use this
as an excuse to keep you here.
Please.
Stay here. Don't move.
I'm gonna go and check
what fuse I've used,
and if everything's fine
I'll just shout the words...
"Jammy Dodgers"?
Exactly.
Then you'll know
it's safe to move.
See you in a minute.
You all right, pickle?
[gasps]
Oh, um, those bomb fuses
you got me for Christmas,
they weren't
the pressure-release kind,
by any chance, were they?
Yeah, but I built in
for training purposes.
a time delay
[softly] Oh, thank God.
How long?
Why? What's happened?
Nothing. Everything's fine.
-Mum, wait!
-Oh, my God.
He's... such a loser.
Look at him.
I bet that's
how he dances.
I mean, seriously,
I know I messed up,
but you're really gonna
choose him over me?
How is it possible
to know so little
about the only person
in the world
you actually know?
d
[Nicky chuckles nervously]
I'm so sorry.
What?
[Brooks] Uh-uh-uh.
We're gonna take our chances.
Go the... the back way.
I'm sorry.
It's like you said.
Nothing else matters now,
apart from this kid.
[clicks tongue] And that's it.
Tina, I'm really sorry.
No, no.
Don't be sorry.
Kim, there's something
I need to tell you.
[Brooks] You all right, mate?
Long time.
I like what you've done
with the place.
Rustic setting.
Crazy killer traps.
It's nice.
[man] Don't fucking move.
[Tina] Are you okay?
Has he hurt you?
Good to see the little one
all grown up too.
What's he talking about?
Boyfriend's a bit of a dick,
though, right?
Oh. We're not actually
a couple. So, joke's
on you. [chuckles]
I mean, there was a kiss
but it got ruined 'cause of
this whole diary list thing.
Anyway, basically,
this whole thing happened
with this book--
-Do you wanna
shut the fuck up?
-Mmm-hmm. Sure.
What's wrong with the kid?
I know, right?
Wait, do you two
know each other?
Me and your mum
used to be partners,
didn't we, Jo?
Jo?
Please don't.
Rising star of the force.
So good, in fact,
that she found out
I was on Jimmy's payroll.
Didn't you, you little monkey?
So, I did what any good partner
would do.
And I cut her in.
And business was good,
trust me.
It wasn't like that, Kim.
I did it for him.
He was my partner.
He would've gone to prison
for years otherwise.
You did it for the money,
just like the rest of us.
No. He begged me, Kim.
But you took the money?
[sighs]
Just like the rest of us.
[Tina] Kim, listen to me.
Things got out of control
really, really fast.
I tried to get out but
then Jimmy came after me.
Yeah, he came after you.
But you're not who he found,
are you?
He found Dad?
[Tina] We were gonna leave
that night, but I...
I was one day too late.
This whole thing
is because of you?
Dad died because of you.
[crying]
[sighs]
Okay. [sniffles]
Okay.
Next time you move,
this gun goes off.
-Good to know.
-[bone crunches]
-[gun cocks]
-[gasps]
[gunshot]
Fuck!
-[gunshot]
-[grunts]
[groans]
[stammers] Sorry.
[grunts]
[gunshots]
Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
[Kim] Jesus.
[Jay] Fuck.
[Beth] What are we gonna do?
[screaming]
f
I'm fine.
If you bleed out now, Mum,
I won't get the chance
to kill you myself,
now hold it!
[gunshots]
[Jay] Yo! Yo, yo!
I'm coming out
with the bag.
Stop shooting.
d
All right. All right,
here's the money, yeah?
This is what you came here for.
So, just...
Just take it and go, innit?
"Isn't it."
Hey, Nick. Guess what?
Beth's pregnant.
-[both chuckle]
-Oh, my God.
That's...
Beth, congratulations!
[Beth] Thanks, Nicky!
I thought you were glowing.
Aww.
Well, get up here up
and give me a hug
then or what?
Yeah, no, I would,
but I'm stood on
a landmine. So...
What?
[gunshots]
-Idiot!
-[Jay] Fuck my life!
[Brooks] Go and get it then.
You go and get it.
You lied to me, Mum.
My whole life is a lie.
Please, don't say that.
Why would you keep this
from me?
[sighs]
Because I love you.
And I only love you.
There's nothing else.
There's no other people.
No other places. It's just you.
Did you ever think maybe
that's the problem?
No, I didn't.
[Brooks] Thompson. Cover me.
[breathing heavily]
Mum!
Wait here.
Jo.
What are doing, Jo?
[panting]
No one else needs to die today,
all right?
Jimmy's dead.
I'm out. I'm done.
So, let's just put
the guns down.
What about Terri?
I'll tell her that Kim stood on
a landmine or something.
Listen...
Jo.
You let me take this money,
and you will never
see us again.
I swear.
Cross my heart.
-And hope to--
-[gunshot]
Now then,
I'm afraid I'm going to need
to take a body back to Terri.
So who's it gonna be?
Mum, don't!
[Thompson chuckles]
Throw your gun down,
and come out, Kim!
Stay exactly where you are.
I tell you what, Kim.
I'll let you decide.
Your mum or this dweeb.
You've got three seconds
or I just shoot them both.
Three.
Two.
Fuck.
-One.
-Wait!
I'm the one you want!
-Kim.
-[gunshot]
I won't choose between them.
[breath shaking]
Because whichever one I choose,
I'll still be trapped.
Kim, don't.
[Kim] Do what you want.
Kill me, take the money,
go off somewhere
and eat a huge pile...
of Jammy Dodgers.
Excuse me?
I've heard they're really nice.
You're weird.
[yells]
-[gunshot]
-[Nicky shrieks]
[grunting]
[both panting]
Nicky, are you okay?
Oh, no. [gasping]
Look.
Are you shot?
No, but that's really gonna
sting in the bath.
Oh.
d
f
Okay, look.
I'm just gonna...
I'm just gonna take the money
and go, okay?
I know you're not gonna
shoot me in the back either.
f
I can see it
in your eyes.
So, I'm just gonna leave,
and you're not gonna
stop me.
'Cause you're just too nice.
[Tina] Wait, wait, wait!
Hang on. Just, uh...
a few more seconds.
[ticking continues]
What for?
d
-[distant explosion]
-[birds squawking]
[Kim]  Dear Mum...
I'm sorry for leaving.
Again.
I know this is hard for you.
But I have to go.
To get away from all the lies.
And figure out who I really am.
The world may be a scary place.
But it can also be beautiful.
I'm not going to hide anymore.
I am ready.
And I can look after myself.
I know you thought you were
keeping me safe,
and I hope one day you can
make this right between us.
I do love you, Mum.
I just don't know right now
if I can forgive you.
Bye, Mum.
Love, Kim.
I told you you were
shit with women.
Thanks.
No problem, mate.
You know, you're gonna be
a shit dad.
[laughter]
[Nicky] It's true. He's gonna
leave the baby on the bus.
So, you didn't
tell her everything?
f
Another day, perhaps.
[alternative rock
music playing]